Oak Tree provides a safe place for cats, dogs and equines in their time of need. We look to rehome dogs, cats, and equines and work to support good, long-term healthy relationships between animals and their owners out in the community.
Our Vision is a world where understanding and empathy ensure that all animals are treated with kindness and respect.
Our Mission is to be a centre of excellence for the improvement of animal welfare in our region, proactively supporting animals and encouraging people to prioritise animal welfare through our community programmes, advocacy and rehoming services.
For rehoming and lost pet enquiries please use the relevant contact forms in our Homing section; for all other enquiries, or to opt in, please use the form below. Please note, our opening hours are 10.00am - 4.00pm 7 days a week.
Email: info@oaktreeanimals.org.uk (admin only, not for animal enquires)
We have one shop and a dog friendly tearoom onsite (find tearoom menu on our website, we serve a selection of drinks, snacks and light meals), our charity shops can be found across northern england
During your visit to Oak Tree Farm, please remember that this is an active rehoming centre and there may be nervous animals around. Please give animals plenty of space, keep calm and quiet around them and ensure dogs are supervised on a lead. On some days there are limited appointments and no access to the lower site to allow for veterinary care and training.
Please don't be disappointed when you visit and you cannot see our dogs and cats...
Studies have shown that visitors walking around kennels and catteries can cause distress for dogs and cats. With the animals' welfare in mind, we restrict access to staff and volunteers only. You will likely see our dogs walking around the site and playing in our runs and training areas.

If you are looking to rehome an animal, please first visit the rehoming page where you will be able to see all of the different animals looking for homes. If you see an animal which interests you, please call 01228 560082 to make an appointment for rehoming. If you arrive without an appointment we cannot guarantee staff availability and it is likely you will have to book an appointment at another time.
Also, for owners wishing to bring an animal to the centre, please see our pages about giving up an animal. It is essential that the owner contacts us first and does not bring any animal onto the site without prior arrangement. 

Our Values:
We are proud to be non-judgemental and compassionate in  our approach to animals and the people who care for them.
We are proactive and value our work with partner organisations to find effective and evidence-based approaches to animals welfare.
We aim to find the right home for the animals in our care, providing ongoing support and advice to ensure life-long partnerships.
We strive to be innovative, flexible and responsive to meet the needs of animals and our community in changing times.